thank you for tuning in the cooking with
crush today we're back in the kitchen as
you can see
welcome to the holidays it's Halloween
Thanksgiving and Christmas all around
one another so the snacks are everywhere
people are asking about juice cleanses
or what is the juice cleanse
well the juice hugger juice cleanse is a
1 to 7 day juice fast that actually
floods your body with nutrients that you
normally wouldn't get the duration
really depends on yourself and your own
personal preference you drink one juice
every one to two hours until they're
done and they're actually numbered
sequentially so that you know which
juice to drink and win now the number
one question I get about juice cleansing
will I have to use the bathroom more
often than normally the answer is yes
but not to the extent that it will
impede your day now will you feel tired
or less energy absolutely not we use
about 40% of our energy to digest our
food each day and without having food in
our system that just we get that energy
back to do things like work out or have
improved mental clarity for a mental
task you may want to form now will you
lose weight on a juice high Kirkland
absolutely though this is not promoted
as a weight-loss method most of our
clients that do a juice auger juice fast
for one to two days have lost anywhere
from 3 to 5 pounds
those individuals eating habits like
fast foods fried foods processed foods
red meats soft drinks anything that
brings excess chemicals fats and sugars
into the body could greatly benefit from
doing the juice harder juice corn look
it does break up those unhealthy habits
and helps you skew towards healthier
eating habits
I myself have lost over 58 pounds and
have kept it off for the past year due
to changing to drinking natural juices
changing my eating habits and moderate
exercise and you can too
so if you have any further questions
about juice cleanses or juice hugger
products go to juice hugger calm and
leave us a comment or leave us one on
Facebook and we look forward to helping
you acquire your healthiest self